Update server_release_notes.adoc (#4916)
owncloud/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/server_release_notes.adoc

=== Show Alert about IoC Scanner to All Customers on Upgrade

We now display IoC scanner instructions to all customers (a valid license key needs to be present) during upgrade (console as well as Web Updater) and in the admin settings. https://github.com/owncloud/core/pull/41137[#41137]

> Background: The Indicators of Compromise (IoC) tool plays a vital role in identifying potential security threats or breaches. The tool analyzes your ownCloud 10 deployments and determines whether they have possibly been compromised via the known vulnerabilities. It collects information from the Apache logs and identifies the signatures of potential exploits. As mentioned above, the tool has to be run on ALL ownCloud servers in case of a clustered setup.

Author: ```suggestion
Background: The Indicators of Compromise (IoC) tool plays a vital role in identifying potential security threats or breaches. The tool analyzes your ownCloud 10 deployments and determines whether they have possibly been compromised via the known vulnerabilities. It collects information from the Apache logs and identifies the signatures of potential exploits. Please note, the tool has to be run on ALL ownCloud servers in case of a clustered setup!
```
